v8.5.5 br: add compatibility between log backup and PITR (#20485) (#22168)
pingcap/docs: br/br-pitr-manual.md

    - Read access to the external storage containing the backup source, for snapshot restore
    - Write access to the target external storage used by the log backup
- The target external storage for the log backup is Amazon S3 (`s3://`), Google Cloud Storage (`gcs://`), or Azure Blob Storage (`azblob://`).
- The data to be restored uses the same type of external storage as the target storage for the log backup.
- Neither the data to be restored nor the log backup has enabled local encryption. For details, see [log backup encryption](#encrypt-the-log-backup-data) and [snapshot backup encryption](/br/br-snapshot-manual.md#encrypt-the-backup-data).

If any of the above conditions are not met, or if you need to perform a point-in-time recovery, while a log backup task is running, BR refuses to proceed with the data recovery. In this case, you can complete the recovery by following these steps:

1. [Stop the log backup task](#stop-a-log-backup-task).
2. Perform the data restore.
3. After the restore is complete, perform a new snapshot backup.
4. [Restart the log backup task](#restart-a-log-backup-task).

> **Note:**
>

> > When restoring a log backup that contains records of snapshot (full) restore data, you must use BR v9.0.0 or later. Otherwise, restoring the recorded full restore data might fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When restoring a log backup that contains records of snapshot (full) restore data, you must use BR v8.5.5 or later. Otherwise, restoring the recorded full restore data might fail.
```
